HTTP1

It works on the textual format.	
There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.	
It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages
It compresses data by itself.

HTTP2

It works on the binary protocol.
It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.
It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages ,
It uses HPACK for data compression.



2)about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

Objects are important data types in javascript. 
Objects are different than primitive datatypes ( number, string, boolean,).
Primitive data types contain one value but Objects can hold many values in form of Key: value pair. 
These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively, in the context of an object.
objects are collections of key-value pairs, where keys are strings (or symbols) and values can be of any data type, 
including other objects. 
Objects are used to represent real-world entities, data structures, and more complex data types


 Objects in JavaScript


const person = {
  name: "vdya",
  age: 26,
  email: "vidyavdya96@gmail.com"
};

Internal Representation of Objects

Internal bio:
{
  name: "vdya",
  age: 26,
  email: "vidyavdya96@gmail.com"
}



Read about IP address, port, HTTP methods, MAC address        

IP Address: An IP Address or Internet Protocol Address, is a unique number that identifies a device on the internet or a local network. 
IP Addresses are typically assigned by an internet service provider.

 IP Address serves two main functions:

1. Network Interface Identification

2. Location Addressing

Port numbers are divided into three ranges.

1.wellknown ports
2.Registered ports
3.Dynamic or private ports


HTTP Methods:

HTTP is a collection of request methods that specify what action to perform on a specific resource.

HTTP methods are GET,POST,PUT,PATCH,DELETE. These methods correspond to create, read, update, delete operations.

-> GET method is used to retrieve data from a web server by specifying parameters in the URL portion of the request.

GET is one of the most popular HTTP request techniques.

-> POST is used to send data to a server to create or update a resource. POST requests are never cached and do not remain in the browser history.

-> PUT is used to replace all current representations of the target resources with request payload.

-> DELETE is used to remove data from a database.

 

 MAC Address: A MAC Address(Media Access Address)

-> MAC Address are used in many IEEE 802 networking technologies, including WI-FI, Ethernet, Bluetooth. They are often found on a device’s network Interface card

-> A device can have multiple MAC Addresses because each network interface requires a different address.